add documentation on building custom schema (#1654)
bids-standard/bids-validator: bids-validator/src/README.md

This test suite includes running expected output from bids-examples and may throw some expected failures for bids-examples datasets where either the schema or validator are misaligned with the example dataset while under development.

## Refreshing latest specification

If you are validating with the latest specification instead of a specific version, the validator will hold onto a cached version. You can request the newest version by adding the `--reload` argument to obtain the newest specification definition.

`deno run --reload=https://bids-specification.readthedocs.io/en/latest/schema.json src/main.ts`

## Modifying and building a new schema

To modify the schema a clone of bids-standard/bids-specification will need to be made. README and schema itself live here https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/tree/master/src/schema.

> After changes to the schema have been made to a local copy the compiled single json file used by the valdiator will need to be built. The `bidsschematools` python package does this. It can be installed from pypi via pip or a local installation can be made. It lives in the specification repository here https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/tree/master/tools/schemacode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After changes to the schema have been made to a local copy the dereferenced single json file used by the validator will need to be built. The `bidsschematools` python package does this. It can be installed from pypi via pip or a local installation can be made. It lives in the specification repository here https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/tree/master/tools/schemacode
```

> Command to compile schema is `bst -v export --output src/schema.json` (this assumes you are in the root of the bids-specificaiton repo). Once compiled it can be passed to the validator via the `-s` flag, `./bids-validator-deno -s <path to schema> <path to dataset>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command to compile a dereferenced schema is `bst -v export --output src/schema.json` (this assumes you are in the root of the bids-specification repo). Once compiled it can be passed to the validator via the `-s` flag, `./bids-validator-deno -s <path to schema> <path to dataset>`
```
